TECEXT-339 Fix for new admin UI (#5)
mt-support/tribe-ext-limit-week-view-time-range: readme.txt

We're always interested in your feedback and our [premium forums](https://theeventscalendar.com/support-forums/) are the best place to flag any issues. Do note, however, that the degree of support we provide for extensions like this one tends to be very limited.

== Upgrade Notice ==
= [2.1.0] =

> This extension is no longer compatible with versions of Events Calendar Pro 7.1.0.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This extension is no longer compatible with Events Calendar Pro prior to version 7.1.0.
```

Reviewer: missed the "prior" 😉

Reviewer: Or:
```suggestion
This extension is no longer compatible with versions of Events Calendar Pro prior to 7.1.0.
```
